[Music]
[Music] [Applause] [Music]
all that English [Laughter]
[Applause] [Music]
oh yeah tonight on the season premiere of Lady
Babylon satanic initiation I have managed to secure for you
an interview of an extraordinary wonderful celebrity that brought it to
you and bring it right to you tonight we're going to be able to ask some hard-hitting questions starting with
round one tonight we're gonna move forward into that new discovery that new
Bronze Age Discovery and we're going to look at the specific drug
the compound is so important it's going to lead us along the path of the mystery
tonight season four begins lady Babylon
[Music]
tonight's subject of medicinal Madness is brought to you by necessity in the
present we're going to look at these drugs we're going to look at the combos that they're using we're going to look
at the people who are using them we're going to ask why and tonight we get to drop into a very
sleepy place a place where we can
breach all of those bounds that we don't normally breach we can bring forward
in that religious ecstasy we can bring forward that music I think we have an
example of some musical ecstasy um can you hit a Chewie
[Music]
foreign
can we pull up the headline yeah this is just something to pull out of
the present right something just to Anchor us here yeah woman has loud and
full body orgasm during la Philharmonic concert
so what is that old Association tonight we're the reason that we have to come
through this appearance of the orgasm or the orgasmos in Greek that orge root
we're coming to the orgia we're coming to the place where we bring out the
bakic voice where we bring that out right and in order to get there we have
to Anchor ourselves with you know why why are we doing this
the drugs that were in that Bronze Age hair that constellation of drugs
are Tangled within a right that involves
sexuality it involves the individual coming to the point
of the what you and I would call the orgasm under the influence and if that
individual does not have within themselves that milk of calm if they do
not have that milk of calm they won't be coming back so this is uh the knowledge here is
fantastic the the capability of these Bronze Age priestesses pharmacologically
is considerable so tonight I want to look at Mandrake but before we do I want
to put everything within context and the reason that we're here in season four is
we are hunting we are hunting for the mystery we are putting Jesus within the
evidence we're looking at the evidence of what we have so that we can say what
was that naked kid doing with Jesus now I've been asking that question for
several years what was that naked kid doing with Jesus and I can tell you that
from the different types of response that I've the responses that I've gotten from the academic Community
um by and large overwhelmingly it is is fearful
people don't want to talk about it so tonight I thought we'd nail down Jesus and see what he thinks
Chewie roll that it's me everybody's favorite Lord and Savior Jesus Christ
and uh I just wanted to take a short break from my very busy schedule of
you know the Miracles and of course other really important Jesus duties up here so that I could uh
little divine intervention with you let's see you've got a question for me here let's uh let's read it I have just
one very important question uh what were you doing with that naked kid with whom you're arrested with at
4am in the public park oh uh yeah you're referring to Mark 14 51.
[Music] I was sharing the gospel
[Music] good word
I know what it looks like yeah yeah listen
um trust me I I was already canceled two thousand years ago so uh
I I don't think I could be canceled again it's all right
I love you stay blessed and try not to do anything I wouldn't do I meant you
[Music]
I agree with 80 percent of you Ace looks guilty doesn't it he looks
really guilty um credits credits to Jesus for
answering and for understanding that the cost of such things of his
ability to speak shouldn't be more than forty dollars yeah yeah
thank you Jesus for your response at least Jesus
had the guts to stand there and to look Us in the eye and to give us
an answer the majority of people that you encounter that you
ask him this question what what kind of answers will they give you we're overheating here what kind of
answers will they give you yeah you'll be shocked at what you get you'll
see the person come right up come right out from that proposition we
don't care do we no we are here because we want to get to the real we want to get to the bottom we don't care about
what theories are and I want to re-emphasize that this season we don't care what your theories are we don't
care what books you write we don't care what classes you teach we don't care what you're selling
um we're here to find out what that Crystal Clear
reality tastes like yeah we're here for that Spring right you guys are all
devotees of the muse we don't care that Harvard and Yale have dropped the ball and Princeton has shot
its own brains out we don't care we don't care they academically committed suicide we don't care we don't
care that Harvard and Yale and every other Ivory Tower Association on the
planet is scrambling to figure out where they went wrong we don't care ours is
the evidence this is the museum we have the sources we have the text let's jump into one tonight this is our
first I just want to give you the first Greek text that I've got up here for yes beautiful thank you yeah I'm just going
to give you a little bit of diascores a little bit of diascortis and this time I'm going to do a little bit differently
I'm going to let you see the text I'm going to flash it up here and I'm going to tell you that we're going to be
looking at Mandrake we're going to be looking at Mandrake and then I want to put the uh take go ahead and take the
text down and now I'm going to read it to you for those of you who do such things you pause it there and you can go
back over the Greek but for those of you who say I'm not into the Greek but I want to hear what this has to say for
you we take that down yeah I want to read to you about
Mandrake we call this planet he says
the cerseian the cerseien and when he says that right away we all run
we all run to the folks at the University and we tell them this is a
compound a polythonic compound that is called by the name
that you can then piece together all of its component parts to restore it to
make it one it's the cerseian the sirsin okay what is this cerseian thing this is
what they're looking for in Spain right it's what they've got in their hair
it's what they've got in their hair okay so let's look at one of the constituents of the cerseien compound it is this
Mandrake the root of mandrake and when I say Cersei and I want you to remember I
want you to remember that we are talking about late Bronze Age monarchies that are ruled by women who
have extra specialized knowledge that knowledge is being used militarily it's
being used um medicinally and it is being used
um in a very destructive way as well as a very positive way too you could say it was their artificial intelligence right
it was that burst that fluorescence and there are people who are known to be the
pioneers of these fields foreign
you might be surprised to find out but Pythagoras calls this combination
his oracular Prophet give me some profit I need the profit so strangely enough
though this Prophet is a romantic a Mantic prophet
yes and this Prophet gives you the future
through Insanity through lunacy through Mania
through Mania now here's the thing though for those of you who need it this drug can cure that violent
wrathful Fierce impulse yes fantastic that's how it's being used
medically that's how the doctors use apparently very good stabilize your brain yes
um they're inducing a state they're inducing State let's see what else he says about this drug you're going to be
surprised you're going to be surprised so this is one of the cerseian elements one of the cerseian elements and um what
are we what do we know about this sirsian element well we know the Egyptians call it blah blah blah you
know we've got all these different regions but Pythagoras calls the Mandrake this is little his little
anthropomorph yeah isn't that nice isn't that nice throw up give that give a man
drink up there let people see the creepy root um yes and
notice that uh this old drug this old drug even the zoroastrians he says call
it this original or prime communion
this Prime communion the Romans have their names for it right and some people call it the
the penis of Typhon some people call it penis Typhon we know
we know that the people that are involved we have these baskets yes these baskets with these dildos and it only
makes sense that this medicated dildo that we're using to administer this drug
remember guys that we're not you're not in Kansas anymore I forgot to tell you the ship we're already there
um you've got to realize that this is coming from the worship of the great
mother who is actively involved in the sexual
maturation of what you and I would call a child
yes so already we're in a foreign World we're in a foreign World we're gonna have to get up sniff that air and we're
gonna say okay this isn't this isn't what I want right this isn't what I want it's culturally this is but it's there
so we're gonna have to deal with it we're gonna have to see um the right
as it was in the real yes good good good so Pythagoras
is steeped in the use of this inducing drug and remember it is only
the it is only the me Nads who end up bringing
through the ah euphonia you say what yeah it turns out if you
take this drug turns out if you take this drug tells you that it can put you into a
place of where you're off onus yes and what does that mean it means
literally without a voice he's literally without a voice but it is
a word used of the tragic chorus it is a dropping a roughening a
harshening of The Voice chemically chemically in other words we're inducing
a Mania a psychosis we'll show you the drugs in a minute but we're you're inducing a psychosis with these things
that involves a Visionary state that is complete horror
and you say why would you want to do that and they say well in Antiquity the doctor said well it helps with the aggression problem
yeah it helps with the aggression bro you put somebody through this initiation and
you bring them out securely you know it's part of their health they
didn't say mental health but it's a way of casting out the demons
fantastic you can see you can see the the health is there okay so here we are
with the Mandrake and he says it's very useful it's very useful the the root and its juice are very useful in the filtron
in the field Throne I think I've got the Greek let's just go through some of these forms of the Greek up here we'll
start up here um this is the type of power that you're dealing with the karate course isn't
that nice the stupifying and the karate koi are a whole or a whole group of
powers right of drugs good let's go to the next one yeah look at oh this is you know
whenever we're dealing with cereals we gotta get into the cetaneous right
remember take it down all of these drugs and this is hard for us to understand
but they're using not one drug at a time they're using compounds against other
compounds so multiple component drugs that are the doubt
and the antidote or the anti-farmicon being these mixtures that are used to
buffer right to maximize the potential without killing the patient so they're
under the influence of a lot of drugs and you know they tweak it with the more opium here do you have you seen how much
nicortis has on opium right the surgeons are using Mandrake if they want to put
you to sleep to take something out of you or to cauterize he says they have to
put you under the influence the Mandrake it can knock you out for two to three hours and their hours are like two and a
half hours so um and that's why he says the surgeons use them the surgeons use them right
um good good good but we have these states how what if we are missing
what if we are missing something here and that we have failed
in our struggle for mental health we fail to cast out our demons
because we dropped the ball we dropped the ball we let the compounds and the
knowledge of those compounds go we let them go and now we've got nothing
on the receiving end we know that these chemicals work in the brain we know they
do certain things we know that when you enter death the brain acts differently
yes yes now what do we know about inducing this state in an individual
through a pro a poly pharmaceutical process right the only way we're going
to get there is through the mandrake is through the actual evidence to the
actual drugs that are used this is this is fantastic this is fantastic
um the juice makes the filter and what is a filtron
I've got another just keep bringing me up the Greek maybe it's one of these there we go just click click away Chewie
okay is this the filter on yes it is okay look at here people look at
look at what we've got isn't this gorgeous look at this field trunk you know what you use these things for you
use these things to bring yourself to the moment to the moment that you're able to
understand the past and the future all it's present right this is Temple of Aphrodite stuff
right Temple of Aphrodite stuff and I just want you to notice that can just
mean the thing that causes love and affection right that thing that that
brings you there so remember when we're talking Antiquity we're talking this the
sexiness of the science is off the chart right all of it is complaining about oh
man I've been taking so many aphrodisiacs I can't get an erection anymore what am I going to do for that
right so uh what do you in order to exist in the society where
they're using all of these drugs in a very sophisticated way you've got to have a college of priestesses please
those of you with Bronze Age that realized the letter the the level that
we're working with here it's just phenomenal it's it's off the charts the
um education here is off the charts is wonderful um I just want to
make one quick note from the text right
um you'll get a lot of talk about well you know you take so much and you know you take you uh you take even more
double that and this kind of group of symptoms you'll get you won't just get you won't just get the Mania The
psychosis right that's stage one by the way for all of you who are keeping track with our uh drug cocktails yes that's
we're at stage one here is the Mania right so you have to keep it at a
certain level right you don't go off the edge and you know thank goodness there's
guys like nikander who say look here's the antidotes for when you catch these people out and they've just they've
they're off the edge and all they can do is make animal noises right remember where are we we're at the late Bronze
Age and if you're not careful Cersei Queen of the Etruscans is going to cut
off your gonads and give you drugs anally through with a
wand and puts you into a cage turn you into that eunuch uh servant right oh God turn
you into that pig what do you think the sybils are coming from in the Bronze Age where do you think that tradition is
coming from civil is a trafficking word man that c is the word for gods
I didn't get that from anywhere I got that from John lettuce you want to look up
we'll look up John lettuce see what he says about sybils yeah love it love it I
love this stuff so here we are we're we still got the Mandrake and I still want
you to see what are we doing we're going into oh we're going into that manic we're going into that manic stage okay
so what is the delirium that is so beneficial medicinally that
we are bringing right what is that because that's the state that we want to
get to and we're only going to get there with the proper balance of drugs and the right sexual act that's going to get us
somebody asked me what's the purpose of all of the of all of the use of this drug right that these guys like
Pythagoras and these oracles are flipping out on what's the use of this kind of thing
um is it just vision is it just insight um and I would have to say I would have
to say you and I are sitting in history of oracles it doesn't matter what
countries you're from it doesn't matter what your peoples are what your ethnicities are it doesn't matter what
your language is you are still sitting within a history that is a struggle for
the mystery itself for the performance of the mystery to bring back that cup of
Lady Babylon is the greatest danger to the Christian religion it's the greatest
danger to the um the followers of Moses
I'm not talking those Israelis that are out partying the Disco right who talk about the deutsies I'm not talking about
those people I'm talking about the Orthodox talking about the fundamentalists right
um this greatest threat to their system is the control of the mystery is the
control of the mystery and what was this mystery that was operating in the
ancient world what was the purpose out of it every time out of it
comes the oracular capacity
to read the future and the past in the present now dang I was like before you
jump and you're like oh it's fortune telling right it is fortune telling
but it's fortune telling on a scientific level it's fortune telling via chemistry and
Via music yeah it's an it's an accelerated form of
learning it's the Pythagorean root it's the reason he's in the cave
yes it's a development it's a development for
Jesus and Mary ever got together [Music]
he had to cast seven demons out of her
so these states of mania that are
associated with the sotel right were originally states of mania
associated with the sotterra with the sotera yeah throw me up this
last I need the devil said hurry up tonight we're gonna have it seven at half past we're gonna have uh
um old boy um who's going to bring us some new info from Britain's he's he's been running
back in time for us um go ahead and bring up which of these have we not seen there we go
yeah I just want you to see here's right and look at three and four strokes
so you have very different you know effects here mentally and dice Gordies
we'll mention these so you have the regular sleep and then you have the manic state right and some of the plants
are better at introducing that Maniac state that that good Mania right okay
let's get another one I just want you to see the whole school motto to be mad from taking him right so when you're
tripping when you're tripping on this stuff and you've got the purple stain and they know you're one of those right
they'll probably call you the prophet time they'll probably call you the galoid right they've got different names
for them um these the followers of kotito don't you like that one oh that's a good one
um this is what you've got on board this is what you're doing this is what you're doing to enter go ahead and put up a
sequence I want people to see a sequiest um look here you know this is to be
crazy money Apple tastes poems from the communion drink right from the potion
itself right um there's a heart to the Mandrake oh
Eve is always she's always right there pertinent there's a heart to the Mandrake and he
die scored he says you can give somebody that heart that fruit right you can give
somebody that fruit and that fruit is the thing that opens the eyes
that fruit is the heightened awareness
yeah it is that thing which got us all kicked out of the garden yeah right now
we have to have that painful childbirth don't be fooled this all goes back to
the childbirth if you don't have a fetus somehow involved here you're in the
wrong place and if you aren't considering seriously considering drinking fetal
juice then you don't drink the blood and eat the flesh
yes you don't drink the blood and eat the flesh
with the Mandrake with the Mandrake we can follow we can say okay we've got
another group we've got another group of drugs that are what
um I'm calling constellations that's my own I'm just trying to characterize what's going on
but we've got another constellation of drugs that has a very specific role that
you can see driven throughout the history from the earliest recorded Greek that we've got from the earliest
recorded Greek when all we've got's the one I saw right all we've got is the one
I saw we have those drugs from the very beginning and we have these women and I
just I really want them to stress um we are starting to see because the
Bronze Age archeology is flourishing right now and we're beginning to see
different kind of society that is this poison arrow horse culture
and we we see that there are surprise surprise there are women who are the
generals you know the Chinese didn't like this in the Bronze Age um they had a very male driven and were
looked down upon female on power yeah um because their problem was with
those guys who were riding around whose women are the generals yeah and who were fighting out in the
front yeah and they're mobile horse troops yeah the Greeks had to deal with
these people too right these were the Ahmad zone or these were the
um massive guitar yeah these were the people who were there these are the people who were
there to use that poison in the arrow so Mandrake tonight
Mandrake we've got to root ourselves in the physical nature of what they were
doing tonight's Mandrake shows us
that we can have families of drugs that are meant to achieve certain
effects in health certain effects in cult we can have those families of drugs and
our last surprise tonight we are looking for those of you who are
interested in a more esoteric right I know a lot of people out there talking about esoteric
when I but if you really want the esoteric you want to know what rights
were used by the Caesars you want to know what rights were the rulers rights
and you want to follow those which we can we can I can tell you what Augustus
Caesar did in the privacy of his own bedroom yeah I can tell you that I can
tell you that why because that that drug is left to fingerprint when I say drug
please people please understand I did not mean a single drug I do not mean one thing please bring up those propane
alkaloids look at this this these are the drugs we're talking about people look at this from from our plants here
our family here's our Mandrake right here's our Belladonna here's our detour and look at the chemicals that we're
getting these are these all have that propane ring right with that one
nitrogen oh the this is gorgeous and these look what wait cocaine
right right now you're starting to get the bocket frenzy this is not the place
for the hippies right hippies should not hippies don't don't show up don't show
up singing songs Don't if you're gonna
participate in these rides you're gonna have to enter the darkness you're gonna
have to enter that Mania you're going to have to worship
the goddess of black Mania dark black
putrid Mania these are the gods of death man this is lhasa stepping forward this
is the one who's gonna smash your pumpkin with a giant Sledgehammer right
this is the death and resurrection of the mystery for those of you who call yourselves Christians
this is the mystery that you took up after your master Jesus
who was himself arrested in a public park at 4am with a naked boy
tonight we welcome his old boy here where's is all boy here uh nope he's not
here he you're four minutes late hey we're gonna have to revoke the pay that he does not get
um as we wait for old boy uh just to give us a little background on the
britons our interest is with the Puella is with
the Puella who brings the the miraculous cure and here he is
here's all boy uh let me introduce let me introduce you to the group it's um
all boy is a intensive Greek student and he has an interest in finding out things
Britain and tonight I just want to ask him as an ignoramus as somebody who does
not study this field it isn't it is not my field um but I like to dabble in it because we
all can read right I tell me something do we have any overlap between these
classical Bronze Age Queens performing their magic and doing their
sexual thing do we have any overlap between these and you know are there
britons anywhere that we can pull up Rock and find these same people tell me about it
I've definitely first of all can you hear me okay okay so um
basically I've come at this from a point of view where I actually was looking into this history and
mythology and um I started noticing these sort of themes
and then when I stumbled across your work um I noticed that there was the similarities and that was kind of
um spurred me on to look into it deeper for sure so as I've gone into some of the texts
and I'm looking at it through this lens of trying to um
well just seeing it from everything that you've been sort of teaching and showing in these past videos and there's
definitely more tips that are cropping up that are similar so basically today
um the presentation that I've got we've we've looked at some of the uh the Irish mythology it's actually taken us to the
Irish mythology and to uh to move so that's who we're going to be looking at today
fantastic do you want to just throw her out there um I know that let me ask this I know
that meve is the same uh is is the same
person as medb is the same person perhaps as m a b
what is it with the overlap of these princesses can we can we keep these
people straight or are they all becoming one well they're definitely
um the Linguistics definitely think there's some connection and between the old Irish and the the old Welsh so Maeve
which is sometimes spell medb um her name is assumed to be cognated
with the Celtic medu which means made from the pro to end up here and sorry
proto-indo-european medu which is made or honey this is continued into the old
Irish mid the old Welsh meth modern-day Welsh Mev which is spelled me Double D
and Breton Mez so Breton is the um it's kind of like the Brittany area so this
was a colony that left from uh Cornwall and set up in Brittany sort of horse Roman
era so you also get the adjective which is derived from the noun and
underlies the old Irish Maeve which is strong or intoxicating and in the Welsh
you get methu which means drunk and so you can see that this
see the thing that I like about the the Welsh is that um you can see the component word
so for example meth means the Mead you have methu which is intoxicated
there's a herbal remedy called methylene um which that's got quite a history to
it seems to be a bit of a watered down version of it uh these days but when you read in the old text it does seem to be
more of like a herbal kind of Remedy and then a doctor is actually a mevig so you
can see how the component it has connotations associated with healing and also intoxication and that's
where um the crossover seems to be because um maeve's daughter findavar some people
actually link um that name with Guinevere because in the Welsh it's pronounced so it's
slightly different in the Welsh and in the old Welsh and the old Irish there's there's this kind of connection which
some people say exists it makes me think that that
um Pulaski and they think maybe the proto-indo-european was pulaskian or
something um it makes me think that this overlap between
the Mycenaean dicama in medwa versus Medea versus your
um britons and counts Welsh Irish using this very same root it makes me think
that somehow that's older and it's coming through linguistically it's coming through
different branches I wonder do you think what do you think of the magic angle of
all of this because aren't don't all of these women have magical powers
yeah for sure so there's there's a few kind of areas that link from Mev so you
have um a goddess kind of aspect you also have a sovereignty aspect and you
also just have the um there is like a ruler and a A Healer and EV all of the meetings that take
place um the large meetings they always occur in the Mead Hall as well so that's kind
of like her her space if she's the uh the meadwoman which is what they believe
her name means so this is where all the meetings take place in the Mead Hall and
um with regards to the magic there's there's definitely inclinations to that in the text
um especially as you have one there's one text which actually mentions that
um kirkullan's Chariot Rider he actually it says has um a mantle made of ravens
feathers which was given to him by Simon migas so there's and then there's these other
kind of sections where because kukul and he's kind of like a hero figure and he you
know he basically Slaughters everybody that he comes across but he goes into these frenzies these rages and it often
mentions this kind of an underlying meaning to the text you can tell you know for example
um if I find one so one of the four tellings uh regarding cuckoo and this is what it says fear of
Deeds the man I see wounded saw is his fair skin on his brow shines the hero's
light Victory seat is in his face seven gems of Champions Brave deck the center
of his orbs his eyes naked are the spears he bears and he hooks a red clock around
Nobles faces he I see he respects all womankind younger lad and fresh is you
with a dragon's form in in fight so that's just an example of um of how
he's described and there are actually a couple of um of sooths so in the free Feast of Bri
crew you have um three Champions and the basically they're all in a competition
to see who's the greatest champion and it kind of escalates as the story goes along and eventually they decide to
go to mirv and allele's Castle to see who can prove themselves to be worthy of
the Champions portion which is kind of like a prize so these three Charities
they're all racing towards the castle and um and may have asked s finovar
um to describe the Chariot and she says I see another chariots coming along the plane give us its description core from
Eve I see in sooth so this is a soothsayer which is kind of almost like
a prophecy it's the kind of seat with a Second Sight and basically she describes
the horse coming and then um when you get onto the description of cocoon this
is what I have to say in the Chariot a sad Melancholy Man cumliest of the men are therein around him as soft Crimson
pleasing tunic fastened across the breast where it stands open with the salmon brooch of Inland gold against
which is bosom heaves beating in full strokes and then it goes to describe in
great detail his horses and then it says um set in each of his eyes eight red
dragon gemstones his two cheeks blue white and blood red he emits Sparks of
fire and burning breath with a ray of love in his look a shower of pearls May
thinketh have fallen into his mouth each of his two eyebrows as black as the
side of a black Spit on His Two thighs rest his golden hilted sword and fasten
to The Copper frame of The Chariot is his blood red spear it goes on and just describes him but
you can basically I can I can tell here that there's an underlying uh theme there's a there's a
second meaning to this script in my opinion and I can kind of see some of the images
that I get from from your work and from what I've seen from your presentations what do you what do you think oh boy
about the prophetic side so you've got that tradition of in monmouth's work of
Merlin being that Prophet right somehow somehow he has stepped outside and he's
able to have this uncanny ability to understand the future in in the present
so he's always he's Beyond everybody's reach that oracular and power of the
Civil is associated with with specific drug cult ritual so I guess what I'm
asking is does this thing just thrive in nature do we just have it coming over
and over are we perpetuating a priesthood through time or is this
something that just spontaneously um erupts how is Merlin that oracular
Prophet how is he captured that role so much so that the prophets that the
prophets the diastorities are talking about um are are claiming that these are their base
Powers these drugs are their base Powers so is Merlin when uh first of all is
Merlin a drug user and second of all what's the real power of Prophecy here
and is it natural is it just coming up or is it some kind of you know some kind
of perpetuation of a Priestly thing
so in uh Jeffrey of monmouth's work it's it's clearly seen as a really important
um aspect of of the community as well I suppose because one of the uh the Kings
he's desperate to get Merlin back he takes off into the woods and Jeffrey of Monmouth himself is clearly familiar
with the the the great Classics um I've seen people describe his Vita
Merlin it's actually written in um in hexameter from what I've seen and um he
mentions and cites quite a lot of these works such as Ovid
um Epistles from pontus things like this and he Compares Merlin to silenus to
some degree in the life of Merlin and he takes off into the woods because he doesn't want anything to do with money
people he just wants to live in the woods with the animals and and the trees and nature and he's obsessed with his uh
with his apple trees so there's also always mention of these apples and um actually Avalon
where Arthur later goes when he's when he's wounded is that comes from the Avalon comes from the word apple as well
it means the Isle of apples so there's always these mention of of the apples as well so I I personally do believe that
there was drug use going on and um there was an early writer called uh Camden I
believe if memory serves and he actually says that the uh the Celtic bellus or belliness
um comes from hembin because the Welsh language funnily enough also kind of
letters mutate so the beginning of a word the letter can change a bit like in the Greek you know how it
Tunes the the words when they run into each other so the sound better the Welsh kind of does the same and a contraction
of Belling would be melon which means yellow so it's something to do with this yellow bright God and
um and obviously belting they're burning these big fires the worship in the god uh Bell
so I think looking at the uh the cultures as well where the scene is you
know breathing in this this fumigation and taking on the qualities of the deity you know it does seem it seems to tickle
the boxes for me personally anyway yeah nice gorgeous gorgeous it always
comes back to those apples of the disparities doesn't it and it's it's almost as if Nature has a has a state
that you can discover that you can go there and discover and that you have Clues along the way and it's putting it
together and finding it all sudden when you found that you get weird things like
this great healer right when you said Merlin takes Arthur there right he takes
him to be healed right to her so I mean there's a reason that Cersei kills
Odysseus and brings him back to life right and like a Fraun is the one who who brings that in so there's something
about these I've often wondered oh boy if it is not the case that through time
the Civil propagates herself and that the Romans weren't as crazy as we
thought they were and because they said that very thing this
um even the smarty Greeks with their heraclitus um understood the power of the
propagation of the Sybil was it a fact that she lived over a thousand years was
it a fact that she always appeared to be a teenager was it a fact that she gave
the laws that start our uh our civilization and I mean us modern you
know on both sides of the pond right that Civilization we we are what we are because of these traditions and these
Traditions look at the Hinman these Traditions are rooted and some Advanced
pharmacology that holds great promise for medicine if if you can take a
substance like Scopolamine or atropy and under the right circumstances you
can cause somebody to enter that Maniac phase and then bring them out of it and
they achieve some sort of recircetering recircuitizing
um reorganization reorientation of the brain I don't know what it is the the neuro guys will figure it out but but
yeah there's something there's something there that we can we can't overlook this oh boy
um thank you for coming tonight and I know that I'll have much demand to bring you back please continue this research
um I want to be I want to be creating a history for us here where we can see the
movements of these things I had somebody just asked me today what happened that you know when the sybils failed when
they when it done the flame died out the iraqiar flame died out and Christianity
took over um and oppressed that movement is that where we lost progress medically is that
where we're we slowed ourselves down yeah with this history nobody nobody
studies this stuff but now that they've found the they found the hen band thank goodness they found him because I
thought this was I thought this wasn't going to be sexy at all but now now it's totally sexy filters can I ask you one
last question and then I'm gonna go I'm I'm I'll be at the meeting tonight
um on lady Babylon but I wanna I wanna ask you this what is the sex connection
everything you've been reading about what have you gotten just like a general sense of the sex connection
yeah it's it's definitely there because um if you look at at mayor the self
um it looks like she had nine husbands and you actually you had to marry her to
become the king and the deal was sealed with a with an offer from a from a cup
um from a chalice so and even in the texts for example she's
not married to cocoon but um when he when he comes she knows he's going to be
he's got this rage so she does everything to play K team they bring out Thrice and 50 women this is a a number
that crops up time and time again Thrice and 50. and um and then but she spends
the night with him herself as well even though her husband's in the castle so you know she's spending that time with
him and it says in the text as well he gets the uh the Champions reward which
is a drink from a chalice and wine and she gives him a dragon Stone as well and
it says the size of both of his eyes and then I've been to a few
um of these all buildings these old aristocratic houses just in England and
I have seen images of um of the man fooding from the breast as well so you
know there's people who who are definitely trying to preserve this anywhere definitely
yeah and we didn't get there tonight but in that okay so if we know that the
sexuality is part part and parcel of the whole foundation of the right
um and the Kings and the passing on of power right all that kind of stuff right it's all there all the way back to
Georgia where we're talking about um kingdoms yeah definitely
um could it be could it be I I hate to keep pushing this because people don't they
don't want to talk about it but could it be that they were doing they found something that they were doing something
medically that was sexual and involved drugs this just uh because of our weird
kind of perverted history that we don't we can't look at it for what it is is
there any hope this is that how I'll ask is there any hope all boy for for
um bringing back the the sex right without without cracking
the ceiling of the universe you know what I mean I think definitely I think definitely
there's a way to do it I think it's it's down to understanding as well really and I think you know you present that idea
to to somebody who who hasn't got the context and the background and you know that probably it would seem quite
abstract to them but certainly when you're reading these these mythologies and these texts it just seems you know
people didn't kind of bat an eyelid to that kind of thing you know cocullen's wife she's letting him go off and do
these types of things so I think there's definitely scope I think it's just getting a bit more of an understanding
out there you know to uh to a wider audience it's just a matter of time before we we have fetal communion
fetal communion that will enable us to fend off certain diseases enable us to
live longer healthier lives maybe less inflammatory lives something something
[Music] anti-carcinogenic you know something that gives us you know why did they hold
up this Serpent and why did they follow these Traditions why is this the thing
that has been more influential right you we think that we're in a judeo-christian
society I hear people talk about that all the time you can talk about monotheist Society you talk about the
West um but that still obscures the fact that our entire history is not about Nations
and peoples it's about a right and it's about the use of a riot and the Jews the
Orthodox Jews and the Christians the fundamentalists they know they have an instinct because it's baked into their
own foundations I love this I love this let's bring lady Babylon uh back and oh
boy um we'll do that you and I will bring her back how's that
let's make webs doing it yeah let's get on it all right all right thanks for coming
tonight and thanks thanks to everybody for being here and
thanks to all boy who is our new star uh hail Satan hail Satan thank you drinking
whiskey [Music]
[Applause]
thank you [Music] [Applause] [Music]